Implement ignorelist for module indexing (#696)
hashicorp/terraform-ls: docs/SETTINGS.md

This setting should be deprecated once the language server supports multiple workspaces,
as this arises in VS code because a server instance is started per VS Code workspace.

## `ignoreDirectoryNames` (`[]string`)

> This allows excluding directories from being checked by the walker by passing a static list of directory names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows excluding directories from being indexed upon initialization by passing a list of directory names.
```
Nitpick - Just a small suggestion to reflect that this is a user-facing doc and users may not know what a walker is.
